# TheMazeExperiment

*Project Description*

  The project is focused on a maze navigator with audio tasks to measure multitasking performance of solving these cues while navigating the maze. The research assistant will open up the program and be able to set a variety of parameters for the experiment. These include maze type (egocentric or allocentric), condition group, number of attempts, time out of maze trial, and number of successful attempts till the next maze. After this, there will be a consent screen for the participant, and then instructions detailing how they will move about each maze and progress through the experiment. The participant will go through the same maze multiple times until either they time out, they run out of attempts, or they have completed it successfully multiple times in a row without error. The next maze is then randomly selected by  their condition group. There will also be auditory tasks set in the maze that the participant will have to answer via key press while solving the maze. Once the trials have been completed the user will fill out a short survey. All of the data will be put into an excel sheet - participant ID, data type (D: training, T: testing, S: survey), maze type, maze number, attempt number, errors made in the maze, all movement made, time movement was made, maze location, and survey data - so that the researcher can view them later.

*Project Technology*

  This project was entirely software focused. Only a laptop (not high performance) was required to run this software and conduct the experiment. To create the software for the experiment, we used Unity. Unity is a cross platform gaming engine that is used by animators, developers, artists and researchers. It has hundreds of built in tools, large libraries, and an active community to keep the product alive. We chose Unity to lessen the learning curve and take advantage of the pre-existing tools/libraries.  
